You have a way
What can you do?
Now the entire voyage
No one dares to trade with you at all
Your angel can't be sold at all when he goes down the mountain.
I have no intention of selling
I'm going to a place where transactions are unlimited
where
Ghost market
I want to see stockings off my legs
Hey, have you arrived yet?
Here it is.
Hey, Mr. Feng
It's not safe here
I'll go down alone
Then be careful
So this is the ghost world?
How is the world?
Honey, come and buy something.
It's you dear
Do we know each other?
I don't know each other.
See you for the first time?
I want to ask for something nice today
Oh, we're all good stuff here
I'll show you
Hmm go
sister
This bracelet
What do you think?
Ah, no way!
Ouch boss boss
I am the best Jade Buddha
This Buddha belongs to the Yuan, Ming and Qing Dynasties
Honey, look at this again, boss.
Take a look at blue and white porcelain, boss
Take a look at the blue and white porcelain.
I want something better.
Something different.
It's easy to change.
Today, someone just cheated on me
How about showing you a long experience?
Let's go then, dear.